Add support for enum arrays to block meta (#4559)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/fine-bananas-unite.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": minor
"@comet/cms-api": minor
"@comet/cli": minor
---

> Support for enum arrays in `BlockFieldOptions` and the `generate-block-types` generator to allow fields to be defined as arrays of enums

Reviewer: IMO this is sufficient:
```suggestion
Add support for literal arrays to block meta
```
